README.md, before:

# Illumina Run Publisher

Watch a path for new illumina runs to arrive. When they arrive, parse the `SampleSheet.csv` file for the run and publish the details to a tcp port.

## Usage

### Publisher

```
usage: publisher.py [-h] [--port PORT] [--path PATH] --public_key PUBLIC_KEY
                    --private_key PRIVATE_KEY

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --port PORT
  --path PATH
  --public_key PUBLIC_KEY
  --private_key PRIVATE_KEY
```

Note: multiple paths can be watched simultaneously. eg:

```
publisher.py --path /path/to/sequencer-01 --path /path/to/sequencer-02
```

### Subscriber

A simple demo subscriber script is included. It simply prints messages from the `illumina_runs` topic to stdout.

```
usage: subscriber.py [-h] [--port PORT] --public_key PUBLIC_KEY --private_key PRIVATE_KEY

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --port PORT
  --public_key PUBLIC_KEY
  --private_key PRIVATE_KEY
```

## Messages

Messages are published to the `illumina_runs` topic. There are currently two message types

```json
{
  "timestamp": "2020-10-01T17:23:56.597547",
  "event": "heartbeat"
}
```

```json
{
  "timestamp": "2020-10-01T17:23:52.561107",
  "event": "run_directory_created",
  "path": "/path/to/201001_M00325_0210_000000000-A5B31",
  "experiment_name": "Truly Insightful Experiment"
}
```

Commit message:

Add note on generating key pairs for authentication

README.md, after:

# Illumina Run Publisher

Watch a path for new illumina runs to arrive. When they arrive, parse the `SampleSheet.csv` file for the run and publish the details to a tcp port.

## Usage

### Creating Key Pairs

This service uses ZeroMQ CURVE authentication, which requires a public/private key pair.

One can use [generate_certificates.py](https://github.com/zeromq/pyzmq/blob/master/examples/security/generate_certificates.py) from the [pyzmq examples security repository](https://github.com/zeromq/pyzmq/tree/master/examples/security) to create these keys.

### Publisher

```
usage: publisher.py [-h] [--port PORT] [--path PATH] --public_key PUBLIC_KEY
                    --private_key PRIVATE_KEY

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --port PORT
  --path PATH
  --public_key PUBLIC_KEY
  --private_key PRIVATE_KEY
```

Note: multiple paths can be watched simultaneously. eg:

```
publisher.py --path /path/to/sequencer-01 --path /path/to/sequencer-02
```

### Subscriber

A simple demo subscriber script is included. It simply prints messages from the `illumina_runs` topic to stdout.

```
usage: subscriber.py [-h] [--port PORT] --public_key PUBLIC_KEY --private_key PRIVATE_KEY

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --port PORT
  --public_key PUBLIC_KEY
  --private_key PRIVATE_KEY
```

## Messages

Messages are published to the `illumina_runs` topic. There are currently two message types

```json
{
  "timestamp": "2020-10-01T17:23:56.597547",
  "event": "heartbeat"
}
```

```json
{
  "timestamp": "2020-10-01T17:23:52.561107",
  "event": "run_directory_created",
  "path": "/path/to/201001_M00325_0210_000000000-A5B31",
  "experiment_name": "Truly Insightful Experiment"
}
```
